Insights
-------------

1.  My career break isn't the end of the world.  I have not worked since 2017 and that is a really long time ago.  I come from a background in Data Management and currently I am enrolled in the CAPS Applied Computer Science program.  Gemini seems to feel that a core foundation in SQL and data standards do not change and are therefore still valid.  I did give him my resume and he had a lot of good things to say.  As he pointed out, I can really relate to our textbook from real life experience even if that experience is 8 years old. 

2.  I might be in the wrong program. I might want to switch to CAPS Data Analytics.  It was very hard for me to decide when I first signed up and initially I was worried that Data Analytics would be too familiar, too easy, too much of what I already have experience in.  My heart says I just want to be a programmer but my brain says go with the future - go with data.  I have reached out to my advisor to discuss options.  I do love data but I just wish it came with more high-level, production environment code/logic.  I don’t mind end users or business requirements but I strongly dislike the overhead a business analyst seems to thrive in.  Even in Cybersecurity it seems people like discussing things for weeks rather than getting their hands dirty to try things out. I have been fortunate enough to be able to work on proof-of-concept teams which were allowed to test, develop, and explore new technologies, systems and, the communications between everything that exists and that could exist. 

3.  "Data management is the new oil." I have not heard this but it doesn’t surprise me at all.  I wonder if Gemini just said this because he was playing the role of a Data Analytics representative/alumni.  I have read Chapters 1 and 2 from the book so far and the “undercurrents” are what drive my love of data, in addition to the orchestration as a whole and data profiling or analysis for trends/thresholds.  I have worked as a data steward and as a “metrics and automation specialist” before with Teradata and Oracle.  It does feel like I have been pushed towards data throughout the years. 